Add odc-stac to docs (#68)
digitalearthafrica/deafrica-docs: index.rst

   web_services/access
   maps/geoportal
   web_services/explorer

>    odc_stac/odc_stac

Reviewer: Let's include this under `web_services` rather than having its own directory.

      :doc:`More <web_services/explorer>`

   .. container:: product-item

      .. image:: _static/odc_stac/odc_stac_thumbnail.png
         :target: ./odc_stac/odc_stac.html
         :align: left

      :doc:`odc_stac/odc_stac`

>       The odc-stac allows you to load STAC items into `xarray` Datasets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The odc-stac Python library allows you to load data into an `xarray` from STAC items from a STAC catalog.
```
